hello everyone its Alena and today I'm
finally doing another Cambridge vlog
it's been a really really long time
because our break was super super long
but it's birthday today so a lecture so
starting again and yeah I have my first
lecture at 10 it's 8 o'clock now so I'm
gonna go and grab some breakfast and I'm
gonna go to the faculty and just do some
readings and yeah then I'm gonna have my
first lectures of the term
[Music]
I just get back so after my lectures and
one I had lunch at my friend and I don't
know we just spent like quite a long
time and pottery there's two and I'm
gonna do a bit of like reading just like
for myself and then I'm gonna get back
to some readings I actually have to do
so what I'm planning to do is I attend
Shai work on my constitutional all
readings because constitutional is a lot
for this supervision I think it's
probably like around like 500 pages or
something so I really like me to work
for it because it's not like you can
just like read it really quickly you
actually like need to read it very
carefully enough you should I reread it
because those are quite like complex
concepts that are discussed in those
articles so that's why like I know I'm
gonna like need quite a bit of time to
work through the other thing is I am
leaving Cambridge tomorrow morning and
I'm going to Germany for entire weekend
because I have a selection weekend for a
scholarship and I'm quite excited for
going there and it's just that I kind of
have to take all my work with me and I
just have to like hope that I'm gonna
have some free time there so I can
actually do it because I don't want to
fall behind here so yeah the timing
isn't that great but I'm gonna less
excited for going to Germany so yeah but
that's the plan for now um and yeah I
just made myself like a little cup of
tea um so and then I'm just gonna read
my book I just thought this book this
morning and it was amazing I don't know
what else to say it was just great if
you guys want to know more about the
book I'm gonna link it in the
description box but I absolutely loved
the Salafist this is not sponsored in
any way um I just I don't know like
telling you guys but the books I read I
read a lot and if I come across a get
one I thought I just share it I don't
know if the ending is gonna be good but
um I don't know that you read like the
first two sentences and the book just
immediately has your attention because
it's so well written so yeah it's a very
interesting storyline and yeah that's
all I can say so now I'm gonna read for
like half an hour I'm gonna drink some
tea and then I'm gonna do work
[Music]
quite a leader now I worked for most of
the afternoon and then I found out that
I'm gonna have an interview in like an
hour because I applied to work at an M
UN conference and yeah that works out it
would be really really cool but I wasn't
really prepared for this because they
just messaged me today um so yeah what
I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna eat I'm
gonna read over the application that I
sent to them just so I know again like
what I said and what they might ask me
and yet then I'm gonna pack my bags
because tomorrow morning I'm gonna need
quite early to get to the airport so I'm
probably like gonna leave college around
like when I'm like 6:15 or something
like that that's why I'm aiming for so
yeah that's the plan for now I just had
my cool and it went really really good
because they told me that I have the
position so that's really really amazing
I didn't expect that I thought it was
gonna be like an interview and then like
they would maybe tell me like in a few
days why have I got me or not oh this is
really really great and I'm super super
happy about it because I somehow like
didn't get involved with mu n when I
came to university and for those of you
don't know m unis Model United Nations
and I did it in high school and I have
solutely loved it and so I like try to
like fine um you know like some group
where I could get involved and so I'm
really really happy that this worked out
but now I actually got to really start
packing because I'm getting worried I
just need to get this done and then I
want to take a shower and sleep because
I just like looked at a train and it
looks like I have to be at the station I
like 6:10 that's great so amazing so
yeah right now what I'm just gonna do is
I'm just gonna go and I've taken a
packing list and basically follow it um
I would highly recommend doing this by
the way this is like a light bag from my
original fly effects so yeah like take
like I don't
20 minutes of your life and write down
everything you like bring on a trip this
is my list and this list has honestly
saved me so many times because I just
don't need to think about what I need to
bring I just take this list and I just
you know pack accordingly and then I
have like a summer and winter you know
additional list just like so I pack some
stuff which I would just bring on a
summer vacation or winter vacation but
that's it and it just makes your life so
much easier because you know exactly
what's a pack and you don't need to
think before every journey and making
you list so yeah I would highly
recommend doing something like that
[Music]
and I did it and there's actually quite
a lot of space in here so this should
all definitely fit and this shouldn't
close relatively easily so yeah that
should work well I'm glad I did this and
this actually went a lot quicker than
your fault so that's great so now I'm
gonna take a shower I'm gonna go to
sleep and then I'll see you guys
tomorrow
good morning guys it's 5:20 and I'm
basically just gonna run out and yeah
get a cab and then go to the station
but yeah I'm really happy that I made
this on time so I think I'm gonna make
my 610 train and I'm going to be
absolutely fine
and yet everything fit into my bag this
morning which was great and then I just
have my other bag and I would have to
bring all this stuff because I need to
do quite some work so yes that and I
gotta remember to hand this in because
if I'm leaving college I need to like
officially leave CC this is like a very
like vintage looking thing but basically
I just like need to hand this in at the
porters Lodge so that they know that I'm
gone
yeah so that's that so I'm gonna have
this in and then I'm just gonna wait for
my cab
[Music]
okay so I made it to Germany and the
sister room so I think someone else
gonna come there's not here yet but this
looks so good like honestly like for a
selection weekend this is like pretty
fancy like I didn't expect that so I'm
very very happy
do we have a bathroom yes oh my gosh
okay we have our own bathroom which is
great that always makes me be happy but
yeah I'm really glad that a room turn
out like this and that we have desks so
that I can do my constitutional readings
okay I'm really happy I'm here now
because I'm really really tired um
I didn't think it would be so exhausting
just come here but I because that two
flights and I basically had to run
through the entire airport Amsterdam
because literally my arrival gate was at
this end of the airport and my departure
gate were like here so I spent my entire
time which in which I was supposed to
have lunch walking through this airport
carrying my quite heavy cabin baggage so
that was great was it basically I just
slept through the flight um so yeah but
I'm still kind of tired and I think oh
it's just like the stress of light will
I find him displays um which luckily I
did um so yeah anyway I think I'm not
really gonna vlog this weekend I think
basically I'm just gonna say goodbye to
you guys now and I'm gonna see you when
I'm back in Cambridge because I wouldn't
you know feel like during any of the
activities anyway and the rest is just
gonna be me probably like obsessing over
manses or trying to do our
constitutional low readings I jumpy this
would be a very interesting you know
weekend for you guys to see so yeah see
you guys in Cambridge and time back in
Cambridge it's like 8 o'clock now I'm
gonna go and get breakfast and then I'm
probably just gonna go to Sainsbury's on
my way she lectures and just get some
food because I have a meeting at 4 which
is near my Rock Hill so you say I don't
want to like walk back to college and
then go back to the faculty because that
would kind of be a waste of my time so
that's kind of a plan
and I'm quite tired because I made it
back to college after midnight
because my flight arrived at like 9:00
at London Heathrow and then it was just
like quite a long travel to Cambridge so
yeah I think what I'm probably gonna do
is I'm gonna do like a more chill
morning I'm just gonna get my breakfast
and eat it in my room and I'm gonna go
and you know read over the lecture notes
that one of my friends sent me because I
missed two lectures because I went to
Germany on Friday
and yeah that's pretty much the plan for
now and I'm gonna go and I have two
lectures today and then I have a meeting
later on in the afternoon and what I'm
planning to do is to just do as much
readings for Constitutional Law in
between as I can because the reading
list is so much and I'm just scared I
can't finish it because it's just so
long and I just really don't know like
where to fit in all of these readings so
yeah I'm just hoping to get as much done
as I can
[Music]
yeah it's much later in the day it's
almost nine o'clock now and I've just
been doing a lot of readings for
constitutional law and I had my meeting
for Camus University human rights law
society and I'm back in my room now and
I'm still doing readings because that
constitutional law reading list it just
doesn't end I'm on page 22 out of like
90 from one of the readings so yeah
we're getting newer guys progress so
yeah that's what I've been up to
basically all day
also you may realize that I wasn't in my
usual spot in the law library when I
studied that's because the law package
she doesn't exactly have heating it's
not like it's very comfortable there at
the moment but luckily the lecture
theaters um J somehow managed to heat
those so it's much more comfortable in
there but it's quite cold in the rest of
the faculties so yeah that's why I
studied in a university library and I
actually loved the place like it was so
nice it was in a main reading room and
it was gorgeous so I might actually go
back I like it and it's close to the law
faculty it's like a five minute walk so
definitely considering that so yeah I
also realized I didn't tell you guys
anything about the weekend I just went
straight back into my cambridge live I
think that weekend was fine it's quite
interesting I met a lot of really really
cool people I'm glad I was there and
yeah now I have to wait for like a week
and they're gonna mail the decisions to
us which is quite interesting because
everything that I applied for so far I
go my decision for email so this is the
first time I'm actually getting a letter
and I have to wait for it and I just get
an email which tells me we accept that
you or we rejected you um so yeah
captain friend I'm excited for it I
don't know if it went well or not I feel
like you can't really tell of those
things but yeah it was an interesting
weekend and I had a lot of fun and so
I'm glad I went
although now of course it's gonna be a
bit more stressful for me this week
because I didn't have to weekend to work
although I did do some readings but
obviously you know when you're in this
process then you are also so busy like
your faults are always you know on your
next interview
so it's a lot harder to you know be
efficient with your work but yeah it was
okay I think and I think I'm gonna
manage to finish my Constitution reading
that's great and yet I also thought this
was a good time to end the block so I'm
just gonna you know do maybe like 10 or
15 more minutes of reading and then I'm
also gonna go to sleep because I really
need sleep after today and yeah I hope
you guys enjoyed my first cambridge
block and lunch erm let me know if you
guys would like to have more cambridge
blocks from me and thank you guys so
much for watching have a nice day bye